AnChain is currently developing its own token currency, and it needs beta testers! Take a look at our project so far, and see what you can do with it. We're providing tokens to each user for testing, all you have to do is call our function with your own smart contract.  
Get some tokens into your player address to pass the level.

This challenge requires some basic Solidity concepts to understand. Experienced users can skip these explanations.
 - You may notice two new "types" of contracts: libraries and interfaces. The express purpose of libraries is to define properties and methods to be used by other contracts. Interfaces define contracts already on the blockchain, and are used by other contracts to call said contracts. For more info, brush up on the [docs](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.13/contracts.html#interfaces).
 - The SafeMath library helps protect against overflow, you needn't worry too much about it. Just know that statements like "10.add(10)" are used in place of "10 + 10".
 - The Address library is built specifically for the function isContract(). This function will return true if the address being called is the address of a fully deployed smart contract, false otherwise. You don't need to worry about the functionality of this function right now.
 - This contract introduces a cornerstone of Solidity development, ERC (Ethereum Request for Comments) standards. These are agreed upon conventions for writing specific applications. For instance, the ERC20 standard defines a convention for writing a token currently, like we're doing. Specifically, we're using the ERC179 standard, which is a simpler version of the ERC20 standard. This permits us a token that can be owned by addresses and transferred among them.
 - Another crucial concept here is inheritance, which works basically the same way as in any other object-oriented language. As an example, in the statement "contract ContractA is ContractB {", ContractA is inheriting ContractB, which means it now has all the properties and methods defined in ContractB.

This challenge will also require you to write and deploy your own smart contract. One easy way to do this is to use the online IDE [Remix](https://remix.ethereum.org). Here you can write a contract, compile it, and connect your metamask account to deploy it to the test network. You can also make your contract calls from within the IDE, instead of from the web console.
 - To call a contract from a contract requires some setup. First, you can simply copy the code of the contract you want to call into the same file as the contract you're writing (this will act as an interface). Next, you use the contract's public address on the blockchain to construct a contract object: "CalleeContract callee = CalleeContract(address)". Finally, you simply use the contract object to call the function: "callee.myFunction(arg1, arg2);".
 - More information on calling contracts: https://solidity-by-example.org/calling-contract/.